
i. Surfing Castles Summer 2022
BN called me and said some of his friends were going to surf Castles in Waikiki. 
This was the same swell that Maalaea Freight Trains was pumping. I remember looking
at the SNN forecast and the comment for the day was "potentially life-threatening
surf". On the way to the beach I called TN and said if it was too big I would try
to stay in the channel, which as we will soon see won't happen. I used the 8'8
yellow Bret board that I had been using at Big Lefts all summer. BN used an
Arakawa gun. We parked at Outrigger and paddled out towards the left looking from
the beach. We shared the line-up with only a handful of other people, one of people
I noticed was Chien Jardine's father. For the first half hour or so the line-up
was completely flat. However some sets eventually began to come in (I'd say like 7'
sets). I tried to paddle into one but I couldn't scratch into it. BN was sitting 
way on the inside corner trying to catch those insiders, whilst I was sitting on
the outside, right in the heart of the line-up. Chien's dad was sitting diagonally
to the right of me. I noticed a wave pop up in front of me that was pretty big, I 
managed to scratch over it. However behind this wave I noticed a huge wave coming
in. I could see it from coming from way far out as a big dark line on the horizon.
As the wave got closer it seemed to loom bigger and bigger. I was paddling as fast
as I could but realized I wasn't going to make it over it. Interestingly as the wave
got close, it seemed to almost "freeze" and then "shimmer", like in slow motion in
a peaceful sort of way. However right after this "shimmer" the lip of the wave began
to feather, like it was lit on fire. I remember thinking the wave had a very
powerful look to it, like it was pure energy coming out of deep water. The lip
feathered for about four seconds before the lip dropped top-to-bottom right on my
head. As the lip was falling onto me it was falling from so high that I had enough
time to take a big gulp of air and dive as deep as possible. Fortunately the wave
didn't pound me too hard and I made it under it. Both me and BN agree that that
wave was the biggest wave we had seen on the South Shore in our lives. "Solid 10
footer" - BN

ii. Walking into Marvin Oleshansky's house
I was probably like 15 and wanting to get Jamie's hair clippers to cut my hair 
since he was using them to cut my hair. I walked into their house at Round Top
Drive at Tantalus that night and all of a sudden I heard the most panicked "HEY!"
erupt from the back room. MO was doing a slow walk with intimidating intent 
towards me. His eyes were now two slow burning embers, a strong stink eye. 

iii. Kissing Io Weiss
We'll start with me sitting on the bed in Theo's room. I was talking about a tummy
and Io said "what are you 5 years old?" and I responded with "mommy my tummy hurts".
I then noticed that she began to rest her head on my lap. We were also drinking and
smoking during this time. I then lied down on the bed on my back. Out of the corner
of my eye I saw Io coming towards me. She then lied down next to me, with her hand
rubbing my chest. I then said "Do you want me to give you a kiss" and she nodded her
head. She made a shhh motion with her finger and then our mouths came together. What 
was notable to me was that she kissed me in front of both Theo and Leon with no care 
that they could plainly see us kissing (that's how passionate I knew she was about it). 
I also knew it was a powerful kiss because those two were facing away from us. When we
were kissing we took a brief break but then leaned in to kiss again, when leaning in
I opened my eyes to look at her and she was smiling.

iv. 





